W-16716183 MuleSoft AI Chain Connector (#2706)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: connectors-home/modules/ROOT/partials/t-configure-operations.adoc

// First steps for configuring an operation, applies to both ACB and Studio

. Select the operation on the Anypoint Code Builder or Studio canvas.

> . In the *General* properties tab for the operation, enter the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *General* properties tab for the operation, enter these values:
```
